# CLI

* ***Doc search command.*** For quick access to shopify.dev docs, run `shopify search <QUERY>` and your browser will open `shopify.dev` with that search.
* ***Fixes to `upgrade` command.*** The `upgrade` command wasn’t working properly in workspaces or with certain valid config files; this has been corrected. Detection of out-of-date packages has also been improved.


# App

* ***Development store preview*** Development store preview mode is now activated automatically when starting `dev` and deactivated when quitting `dev`. You can also toggle manually with a shortcut key.
* ***Draft updates for UI extensions.*** UI extensions will be updated on local code changes, so anyone viewing the development store will see the most updated extension code.
* ***Sourcemaps support in `dev`.*** Sourcemaps are now generated properly when runnning `dev`, creating better errors and a faster debugging experience.
* ***Localization support in `dev`.*** Localization of UI extension descriptions is now reflected correctly in `dev`.
* ***Support for old template names.*** Passing an old template alias (e.g., `node`) when creating an app will result in the correct template being pulled. This benefits users of public learning materials which haven’t been updated to work with Remix.
# Not sure how/whether to include:
* Added support for wasm export choice in `app function run`
* Fix redirection issue for customer account UI extension


# Theme

* ***Liquid REPL.*** Introduce the `shopify theme console` command, a REPL experience for Liquid in your browser.
* ***Invalid cookie handling.*** Ruby 3.2 users would experience errors due to invalid cookies when running `theme dev`. These errors are now handled gracefully.
