App

- Add a `g` hotkey to dev to open GraphiQL in your browser, using the same credentials as your app.
- Javy must only be installed in case the app includes at least one js function
- Running config commands works properly when they are run outside the app root folder
- Uuid is no longer generated during app deploy because it's generated in the backend, instead.
- Add support to test locales with functions in Dev mode.
- Preserve proxy url subpath when running dev
- Allow enabling and disabling dev store preview mode with dashboard managed extensions.
- Javascript functions/extensions now support environment variable sustitution.
- Add support for different flavors when creating apps through the CLI, starting with the JavaScript / TypeScript version of the Remix app template.
- Fix create app with old templates. Dev command will work just after the app is created.

Theme

- Add --dev-preview flag for shopify theme language-server. This flag will run the language-server that uses the new typescript implementation of theme-check.
- Add versioning to Liquid Console remote theme, allowing users to try different versions of Liquid Console in the same store without facing compatibility issues
- Fix ambiguity between --editor and --environment flags in the shopify theme open command
- Enhance the shopify theme dev command banner by adding the preview URL next to the preview link, for easy copy/pasting in terminal emulators that support hyperlinks
- The shopify theme delete command no longer fails when some flags (-f, -d, etc.) are passed without the -t flag
